"Tackles" and so beautiful, yet it's almost kind of out of our reach, how to do these things.
And finally, again, Bill Herman, Lars, David, and along with then Carlos, and Carlos's wife,
they all have been supportive to this and come so beautifully with that.
So, and then, plus more, you all, everyone is here, really have the support.
I won't go through this long list and all that,
but because of everyone's support and help, this came.
So, thank you very much, it's here.
And everybody, Kainji Padma Samye Ling, and myself, we've always said that,
what you help and support is here, as well as in India and everywhere is here.
And you can feel this, you build this too, Father, this is not just one or two, three individuals.
Everybody can think this is their monument and your monument.
And through love and compassion and wisdom, there is every reason we can dedicate this merit for
larger reasons,
such Buddha enlightenment and to benefit and to bring the peace and harmony in the world.
So, this is what it is, and thank you again.
Thank you and happy Annamasuri.
Thank you very much, Samye Ling. Thank you.
(Applause)
Thank you. Happy Annamasuri.
Happy anniversary.
(Applause)
Thank you.